feat(changelog): containers-deprecated-serverless-containers-v1beta1-dep 2026-07-13 (#6685)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/july2026/2026-07-13-containers-deprecated-serverless-containers-v1beta1-dep.mdx

---
title: Serverless Containers v1beta1 deprecated
status: deprecated
date: 2026-07-13
category: serverless
product: containers
---

Serverless Containers API `v1beta1` is now marked as **deprecated**, `v1` is the new reference version.

> For more informations [read the dedicated documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless-containers/reference-content/v1-migration-guide/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, [read the dedicated documentation](/serverless-containers/reference-content/v1-migration-guide/).
```
